Release 5.10.0 (#2245)
microsoft/onefuzz: CHANGELOG.md

* Agent: Factor out generic LibFuzzer task [#2214](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2214)
* Service: Enable C# migrated `TimerRetention`, `TimerDaily`, and `containers` functions [#2228](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2228), [#2220](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2220), [#2197](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2197)
* Service: Finished migrating `TimerRepro` to C# [#2222](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2222), [#2216](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2216), [#2218](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2218)
* Service: Change instances of `NotImplementedException` to more accurately be `NotSupportedException` exceptions [#2234](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2234)
* Service: Migrated `Tasks`, `Notifications`, `add_node_ssh_key`,  and `Proxy` functions to C# [#2233](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2233), [#2188](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2188), [#2193](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2193), [#2206](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2206), [#2200](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2200)

### Fixed

> * Service: Update the autoscale settings to allow a VM scaleset to scale down to zero nodes and prevent new nodes from spinning up when in the `shutdown` state. [#2232]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Service: Update the autoscale settings to allow a VM scaleset to scale down to zero nodes and prevent new nodes from spinning up when in the `shutdown` state. [#2232](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2232)
```

* Service: Add a missing function call to properly queue webhook events in `WebhookOperations` [#2231](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2231)
* Service: Add a missing job state transition to the `Task` implementation. [#2202](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2202)
* Service: Fixed the return value in the C# implementation when associating a subnet with the NSG. [#2201](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2201)

> * Service: Changed log level from `Error` to `Info` in `TimeProxy`. [#2185](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2185)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Service: Changed log level from `Error` to `Info` in `TimerProxy`. [#2185](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2185)
```

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## 5.10.0

### Added

> *  Recommendation in `getting-started.md` that OneFuzz users include a `.onefuzz` file in their project root directory for security tool detection [#2236](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2236)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Recommendation in `getting-started.md` that OneFuzz users include a `.onefuzz` file in their project root directory for security tool detection [#2236](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2236)
```

* Agent:  New `libfuzzer_dotnet_fuzz` task [#2221](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2221)

> * CLI: Allow dotnet endpoint and functions configuration in the CLI [#2190](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2190)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
My suggestion is to remove this because it's only here for our testing and not for end user consumption.

### Changed

> * Agent/CLI: Updated default Windows VM image [#2226](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2226)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* CLI: Updated default Windows VM image [#2226](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2226)
```

* Agent: Modified LibFuzzer struct to own its environment and option data [#2219](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2219)
* Agent: Factor out generic LibFuzzer task [#2214](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2214)

> * Deployment: Keep both C# and python http functions active when deploying, this will allow the service to be backward compatible with older versions of the agent and the CLI when enabling new C# funcitons on a deployment [#2212](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2212)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Suggest that we don't put this in because this is just a transition situation while we port to C#.

* Service: Enable C# migrated `TimerRetention`, `TimerDaily`, and `containers` functions [#2228](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2228), [#2220](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2220), [#2197](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2197)
* Service: Finished migrating `TimerRepro` to C# [#2222](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2222), [#2216](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2216), [#2218](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2218)

> * Service: Instances of `NotImplementedException` to more accurately be `NotSupportedException` exceptions [#2234](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2234)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Service: Change instances of `NotImplementedException` to more accurately be `NotSupportedException` exceptions [#2234](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2234)
```

* Service: Migrated `Tasks`, `Notifications`, `add_node_ssh_key`,  and `Proxy` functions to C# [#2233](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2233), [#2188](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2188), [#2193](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2193), [#2206](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2206), [#2200](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2200)

### Fixed

> * Service: Autoscale settings to allow a VM scaleset to scale down and finish shutting down when in `shutdown` state and prevent new nodes spinning up while the scaleset is in `shutdown` state. [#2232](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2232)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Service: Update the autoscale settings to allow a VM scaleset to scale down to zero nodes and prevent new nodes from spinning up when in the `shutdown` state. [#2232]
```

> * Service: Missing function call to properly queue webhook events in `WebhookOperations` [#2231](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2231)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Service: Add a missing function call to properly queue webhook events in `WebhookOperations` [#2231](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2231)
```

> * Service: Missing job state transition [#2202](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2202)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Service: Add a missing job state transition to the `Task` implementation. [#2202](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2202)
```

> * Service: Networking improvements [#2201](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2201)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Service: Fixed the return value in the C# implementation when associating a subnet with the NSG. [#2201](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2201)
```

> * Service: Scaleset log level on transition state [#2185](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2185)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Service: Changed log level from `Error` to `Info` in `TimeProxy`. [#2185](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2185)
```

> * Service: `TimerTasks` config bugs [#2196](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2196)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Service: Fixed `TimerTasks` config bugs in the C# port. [#2196](https://github.com/microsoft/onefuzz/pull/2196)
```
